Add outdated notice & link to mono-repo (#22)
KxSystems/automl: README.md

# ⚠️ **This repository is outdated!** ⚠️

---

> As of version 4.0.0, this project has been merged into the ml toolkit mono-repo. For the latest updates and active development, please visit [https://github.com/KxSystems/ml](https://github.com/KxSystems/ml). 

Author: ```suggestion
Since 9th October 2024 (version 4.0.0), this project has been merged into the ml toolkit mono-repo. For the latest updates and active development, please visit [https://github.com/KxSystems/ml](https://github.com/KxSystems/ml). 
```

---

> Since 9th October 2024 (version 4.0.0), this project has been merged into the ml toolkit mono-repo. For the latest updates and active development, please visit [https://github.com/KxSystems/ml](https://github.com/KxSystems/ml). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 9th October 2024 (the 4.0.0 release of the ML Toolkit), this project has been merged into the ml toolkit mono-repo. For the latest updates and active development, please visit [https://github.com/KxSystems/ml](https://github.com/KxSystems/ml). 
```
